


Online project Management tool-
 Introduction
   Purpose
   The purpose of this document is to provide a detailed description of the requirements for the Employee Management System. It outlines the functional and non-functional requirements, constraints, and interfaces of the system.


Terms-
Employees, project Manager, Delivery Manager and stackholders

 Objective- to manager the online system for the client so that the management of the 
function would work according to online. This will rpovide the functionally and maintain the

functional requirements:

1)employees should be authenticated.
we have to take employee all information which are name,email,mobile no etc 
for registration purposes and after that we should  check whether data is unique meaning whether two employee provided same email or not
then we have to validate that data

2) view and update information :
employees, project manager, delivery manager should be able to view and update his application after login 


3)Administrators should be able to add, update, and delete employee records.

4) Each employee record should include details such as name, employee ID, contact information, designation, and department.




Non functional requriement are-

1) It would run and available 24*7.
2) It would be scalable when the traffic cross the saturation point.
3) It should be easily portable.
4) It must be provided the security and authentication functionality.
5)The user interface should be intuitive and user-friendly.
6)The online project management system will be developed using a web-based architecture.
7)Software Requirements Specification (SRS) Document: Employee Management System
8)The system will provide a web-based user interface for administrators, managers, and employees to interact with.
9) Database: The system will interact with a database to store and retrieve employee information, attendance records, and leave requests.
Note: This is a simplified example of an SRS document. In real-world scenarios, the document would typically include additional sections, such as system architecture, use case diagrams, data flow diagrams, and more detailed functional and non-functional requirements.





